# Reflection Essay
### Lexa Mosby

1. Discuss one challenge you overcame during your academic development. What was the challenge, was it technical, nontechnical, or both, and how did you overcome it?
    *	The most memorable challenge during my academic development was probably switching between different programming languages throughout the course of my classes.  A lot of the classes I have had to take has given me experience in many different languages, and it was a little bit of a learning curve to have to switch between and relearn different styles and languages every semester when the current class is in a different language than the class I recently finished. So, in that respective, I would say that the challenge was both technical and nontechnical. To overcome this challenge, I have had to learn to take a little bit more time at the beginning of each semester to refamiliarize myself with the language and to relearn important concepts so that I could stay on track with the new content that I would be learning in class.

2. Discuss a situation where you worked with a team. How would you describe yourself as a teammate? Where can you improve your team skills? Be specific.
    *	I am very familiar with working in a team, whether it be in my part time job or for a school assignment/project. I firmly believe in bringing diverse skills together from many people to work towards coming up with a cohesive product. As a teammate, I would describe myself as an enthusiastic, accommodating, and diligent worker. Using my experience working in the service industry where you constantly have to work in a team, I would say that I try to be adaptable in different work environments and while I try my best to be constructive in my actions and feedback, a teamwork skill that I struggle with that I am actively working to improve is learning how to operate outside of a plan. I am a structured person that likes to have everything planned out so in the past I have fumbled when problems arise unexpectedly when working as a team. But I am constantly adjusting and improving those skills as I am thrown in unexpected situations.

3. What type of career in CS do you believe you are most suited for? Why this field and not another? Be specific.
    * I do believe that I am most suited for a career in computer science where I can focus on fine tuned details whether it be aesthetically or functional wise. I am a detail-oriented person and think that I could do well anywhere that I could work on structure, aesthetics, and organization. 

4. What professional organizations would you like to join? What professional development would you like to be a part of in the next five years? Be specific.
    *	I think it would be amazing to join google, but overall, I do not know what professional development I plan to go to in the next five years. All I know is that I do hope to go where I feel I can make the most impact. I want to be a part of the teams that makes the most waves in society and impacts our generation in the way that it operates. 

5. What are the ways you can use the skills you have learned in CS to serve your community? Be specific.
    * I feel as though, the material I have learned throughout my experience as a Computer Science major in college has helped give me gain a new perspective and a new way of thinking through problems. Because of my experiences, I have come to take a new approach on tackling problems based on the assignments and projects we have been given. I have learned so much concerning computer science and I feel like I have also learned so much about others in the same field. Using these experiences has helped me become a better team member and also bettered my perspective. I also think that I can use the skills I have acquired to create or contribute to something that would make an impact in our society. 
